readme.md, before:

# Amplify + Nuxt

Video Series:

- Website: [coming soon]
- YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9dIWiKCV573u7FUcj6bF1vwunYFEDA6Y

### In this series we'll be going over:

- [x] [How to setup and configure AWS Amplify in a new Nuxt project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bM0iisnRYUk&list=PL9dIWiKCV573u7FUcj6bF1vwunYFEDA6Y&index=2&t=0s)
- [x] How to add authentication with AWS Amplify in a Nuxt app (Part 1, Setup)
- [ ] How to add authentication with AWS Amplify in a Nuxt app (Part 2, Implementation)
- [ ] How to add an anotated GraphQL API with public and private auth guards
- [ ] How to deploy our application via Amplify CLI on S3

### When Cloning

If you should happen to clone down this repository you'll need to configure the project with your project's Amplify details. To do so, run the below command in your terminal and walk through the configuration steps/questions.

This will pull down the amplify directory in addition to generating your `aws-exports.js` file.

```
  $ amplify pull
```

### Find Us

- WebSite: [coming soon - in development]
- YouTube: https://youtube.com/jagrco
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/jagr_co

Commit message:

adding links to lessons 2 and 3 and marking 3 complete.

readme.md, after:

# Amplify + Nuxt

Video Series:

- Website: [coming soon]
- YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9dIWiKCV573u7FUcj6bF1vwunYFEDA6Y

### In this series we'll be going over:

- [x] [How to setup and configure AWS Amplify in a new Nuxt project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bM0iisnRYUk&list=PL9dIWiKCV573u7FUcj6bF1vwunYFEDA6Y&index=2&t=0s)
- [x] [How to add authentication using AWS Amplify's Auth Class in a Nuxt app (Auth Part 1)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzcG5Oe31bo&list=PL9dIWiKCV573u7FUcj6bF1vwunYFEDA6Y&index=3&t=1s)
- [x] [Adding register and login flows using AWS Amplify in a Nuxt app (Auth Part 2)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4eaOQCWCJk&list=PL9dIWiKCV573u7FUcj6bF1vwunYFEDA6Y&index=4&t=0s)
- [ ] How to add an anotated GraphQL API with public and private auth guards
- [ ] How to deploy our application via Amplify CLI on S3

### When Cloning

If you should happen to clone down this repository you'll need to configure the project with your project's Amplify details. To do so, run the below command in your terminal and walk through the configuration steps/questions.

This will pull down the amplify directory in addition to generating your `aws-exports.js` file.

```
  $ amplify pull
```

### Find Us

- WebSite: [coming soon - in development]
- YouTube: https://youtube.com/jagrco
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/jagr_co
